README.md, before:

# JeOrg Scala Test Drives

Study project on all things scala related

---

[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?logoColor=blue&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fimg.shields.io%2Ftwitter%2Furl%3Fstyle%3Dsocial)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%20Checkout%20this%20%40github%20repo%20by%20%40joaofse%20%F0%9F%91%A8%F0%9F%8F%BD%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%92%BB%3A%20https%3A//github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=Scala%20Test%20Drives&color=informational)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/tree/main)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2wm1p5dy2mawewkp?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![jeorg-scala-test-drives](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/actions/workflows/jeorg-scala-test-drives.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/actions/workflows/jeorg-scala-test-drives.yml)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/fe01b148957f4109bd66b3dbde1c2728)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/375b0a90-d5a0-468f-a9b7-051ea83a9c80)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-jesperancinha-jeorg-scala-test-drives-main)
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives?branch=main)](https://bettercodehub.com/results/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/fe01b148957f4109bd66b3dbde1c2728)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=ZxFBRlXA3F)](https://codecov.io/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives?branch=main)

[![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)

---

## Technologies used
 
---

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-50/scala-50.png "Scala")](https://www.scala-lang.org/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-50/sbt-50.png "Scala")](https://www.scala-sbt.org/)

---

## Java SDK


```bash
sdk install java 11.0.11.hs-adpt
sdk use java 11.0.11.hs-adpt
```
## Scala SDK

```bash
sdk install scala 3.0.0
sdk use scala 3.0.0
```

## Coursier

-   MAC-OS

```bash
brew install coursier/formulas/coursier && cs setup
```

## Build

```bash
sbt clean assembly
sbt clean assembly update test
```

## Intellij

This project uses Scala 3.0.0
In case you are using Intellij, please make suer you are using version 212.4321, otherwise, the plugin won't recognize this new Scala version

## References

### Online

-   [ScalaTest](https://www.scalatest.org/)
-   [Scala - Overview](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scala/scala_overview.htm)
-   [Lift Framework](https://github.com/lift/framework)
-   [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/)
-   [Bowler SBT Quickstart](https://github.com/bowler-framework/bowler-quickstart)

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/medium-20.png "Medium")](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/credly-20.png "Credly")](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Homepage&message=joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl&color=6495ED "João Esperancinha Homepage")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)   
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Articles&message=Across%20The%20Web&color=purple)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Articles.md)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Webapp&message=Image%20Train%20Filters&color=6495ED)](http://itf.joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/coursera-20.png "Coursera")](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/google-apps-20.png "Google Apps")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)   
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/sonatype-20.png "Sonatype Search Repos")](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/docker-20.png "Docker Images")](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/stack-overflow-20.png)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/reddit-20.png "Reddit")](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/devto-20.png "Dev To")](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackernoon-20.jpeg "Hackernoon")](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeproject-20.png "Code Project")](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/github-20.png "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bitbucket-20.png "BitBucket")](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/gitlab-20.png "GitLab")](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bintray-20.png "BinTray")](https://bintray.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/free-code-camp-20.jpg "FreeCodeCamp")](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackerrank-20.png "HackerRank")](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeforces-20.png "Code Forces")](https://codeforces.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codebyte-20.png "Codebyte")](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codewars-20.png "CodeWars")](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codepen-20.png "Code Pen")](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hacker-news-20.png "Hacker News")](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/infoq-20.png "InfoQ")](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/linkedin-20.png "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/xing-20.png "Xing")](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/tumblr-20.png "Tumblr")](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/pinterest-20.png "Pinterest")](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/quora-20.png "Quora")](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)

## Achievements

[![VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/vmware-spring-professional-2021.png "VMware Spring Professional 2021")](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, JEE 7 Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-ee-7-application-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-se-11-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst-professional-certificate-100.png "IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional")](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/cancanit-badge-1462-100.png "Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer")](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![Certified Neo4j Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/professional_neo4j_developer-100.png "Certified Neo4j Professional")](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![Deep Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/deep-learning-100.png "Deep Learning")](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)

Commit message:

📕 jeorg-scala3-test-drives-crums/jeorg-scala3-test-drives-crums-1 - Crum 1 - the end keyword

README.md, after:

# JeOrg Scala Test Drives

Study project on all things scala related

---

[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?logoColor=blue&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fimg.shields.io%2Ftwitter%2Furl%3Fstyle%3Dsocial)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%20Checkout%20this%20%40github%20repo%20by%20%40joaofse%20%F0%9F%91%A8%F0%9F%8F%BD%E2%80%8D%F0%9F%92%BB%3A%20https%3A//github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=Scala%20Test%20Drives&color=informational)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/tree/main)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/2wm1p5dy2mawewkp?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![jeorg-scala-test-drives](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/actions/workflows/jeorg-scala-test-drives.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/actions/workflows/jeorg-scala-test-drives.yml)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/fe01b148957f4109bd66b3dbde1c2728)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/375b0a90-d5a0-468f-a9b7-051ea83a9c80)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-jesperancinha-jeorg-scala-test-drives-main)
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives?branch=main)](https://bettercodehub.com/results/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/fe01b148957f4109bd66b3dbde1c2728)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=ZxFBRlXA3F)](https://codecov.io/gh/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives?branch=main)

[![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)
[![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/jesperancinha/jeorg-scala-test-drives.svg)](#)

---

## Technologies used
 
---

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-50/scala-50.png "Scala")](https://www.scala-lang.org/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-50/sbt-50.png "Scala")](https://www.scala-sbt.org/)

---

## Java SDK


```bash
sdk install java 11.0.11.hs-adpt
sdk use java 11.0.11.hs-adpt
```
## Scala SDK

```bash
sdk install scala 3.0.0
sdk use scala 3.0.0
```

Scala 3 features are only active on the Scala3 projects.
Since I was not able to incorporate Scala3 builds with old projects given dependency issues on external libraries, the Scala 3 projects still run independently of the main build.

Please go to [Scala3](./jeorg-scala3-test-drives-crums), pick your project and run the Makefile.
There are normally 3 options which are self-explanatory: `build`, `test` and `run`. 
There may be further options on location, explained through the Readme.md file.

## Coursier

-   MAC-OS

```bash
brew install coursier/formulas/coursier && cs setup
```

## Build

```bash
sbt clean assembly
sbt clean assembly update test
```

## Intellij

This project uses Scala 3.0.0
In case you are using Intellij, please make suer you are using version 212.4321, otherwise, the plugin won't recognize this new Scala version

## References

### Online

-   [ScalaTest](https://www.scalatest.org/)
-   [Scala - Overview](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scala/scala_overview.htm)
-   [Lift Framework](https://github.com/lift/framework)
-   [Play Framework](https://www.playframework.com/)
-   [Bowler SBT Quickstart](https://github.com/bowler-framework/bowler-quickstart)

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/medium-20.png "Medium")](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/credly-20.png "Credly")](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Homepage&message=joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl&color=6495ED "João Esperancinha Homepage")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)   
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Articles&message=Across%20The%20Web&color=purple)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Articles.md)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Webapp&message=Image%20Train%20Filters&color=6495ED)](http://itf.joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/coursera-20.png "Coursera")](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/google-apps-20.png "Google Apps")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)   
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/sonatype-20.png "Sonatype Search Repos")](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/docker-20.png "Docker Images")](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/stack-overflow-20.png)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/reddit-20.png "Reddit")](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/devto-20.png "Dev To")](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackernoon-20.jpeg "Hackernoon")](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeproject-20.png "Code Project")](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/github-20.png "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bitbucket-20.png "BitBucket")](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/gitlab-20.png "GitLab")](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bintray-20.png "BinTray")](https://bintray.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/free-code-camp-20.jpg "FreeCodeCamp")](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackerrank-20.png "HackerRank")](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeforces-20.png "Code Forces")](https://codeforces.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codebyte-20.png "Codebyte")](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codewars-20.png "CodeWars")](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codepen-20.png "Code Pen")](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hacker-news-20.png "Hacker News")](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/infoq-20.png "InfoQ")](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/linkedin-20.png "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/xing-20.png "Xing")](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/tumblr-20.png "Tumblr")](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/pinterest-20.png "Pinterest")](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/quora-20.png "Quora")](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)

## Achievements

[![VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/vmware-spring-professional-2021.png "VMware Spring Professional 2021")](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, JEE 7 Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-ee-7-application-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-se-11-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst-professional-certificate-100.png "IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional")](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/cancanit-badge-1462-100.png "Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer")](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![Certified Neo4j Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/professional_neo4j_developer-100.png "Certified Neo4j Professional")](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![Deep Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/deep-learning-100.png "Deep Learning")](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
